README.md, before:

Apigee Skeleton class generator
================================================
The [Apigee](http://apigee.com/about/) API platform provides services to help you create, grow and maintain your API program. Whether you are just starting to plan your enterprise API or scaling to support millions of customers, Apigee adds critical capabilities you need, including:

A flexible policy model to transform your existing APIs to create business agility
End-to-end operational and business analytics for the API team, developers, and operations
A developer portal to attract and empower developers

This tool generates Stub classes base on existing definitions in Apigee website for existing Api 

### Installing via Composer
0. Clone this repository:
        git clone git@github.com:jnonon/apigee.git

1. Download and install Composer:

        curl -s http://getcomposer.org/installer | php

2. Install your dependencies:

        php composer.phar install

3. Require Composer's autoloader

    Composer also prepares an autoload file that's capable of autoloading all of the classes in any of the libraries that it downloads. To use it, just add the following line to your code's bootstrap process:

        require 'vendor/autoload.php';

You can find out more on how to install Composer, configure autoloading, and other best-practices for defining dependencies at [getcomposer.org](http://getcomposer.org).

## Usage Example
        include_once __DIR__.'/../vendor/autoload.php';
        
        use Jnonon\Tools\Apigee\Client\ApiGenerator;
        
        $url = 'https://apigee.com/v1/consoles/reddit/apidescription?format=internal';
        
        $apigee = new ApiGenerator('RedditApi');
        
        $apigee->setApigeeSourceUrl($url);
        
        $endpoints = $apigee->getEndpoints();
        
        //Write to a path, overriding if exists
        //$apigee->generateClassForEndpoint($endpoints[0])->write('/desirable/path', true);
        
        echo $apigee->generateClassForEndpoint($endpoints[0])->toString();
        
        //php Examples/redditApiGenerator.php

Features
--------

- Generates class files from Api definitions, minimizing the ammount of code to type
- Creates properties based on how often they are used across the API definition
- Adds phpDoc entries on each api method, if documentation exists

Commit message:

Simplified constructor, updated documentation
* Added a test for validation of the generated file
* Updated documentation
* Updated example file

README.md, after:

Apigee Skeleton class generator
================================================
This tool generates Stub classes base on existing definitions in [Apigee](http://apigee.com/about/), for example [tumblr console](https://apigee.com/console/tumblr)

Features
--------

- Generates class files from Api definitions, minimizing the ammount of code to type
- Creates properties based on how often they are used across the API definition
- Adds phpDoc entries on each api method, if documentation exists


### Installing via Composer
0. Clone this repository:
        git clone git@github.com:jnonon/apigee.git

1. Download and install Composer:

        curl -s http://getcomposer.org/installer | php

2. Install your dependencies:

        php composer.phar install

3. Require Composer's autoloader

    Composer also prepares an autoload file that's capable of autoloading all of the classes in any of the libraries that it downloads. To use it, just add the following line to your code's bootstrap process:

        require 'vendor/autoload.php';

You can find out more on how to install Composer, configure autoloading, and other best-practices for defining dependencies at [getcomposer.org](http://getcomposer.org).

## Usage Example
        include_once __DIR__.'/../vendor/autoload.php';
        
        use Jnonon\Tools\Apigee\Client\ApiGenerator;
        
        $apigee = new ApiGenerator('reddit', 'ReditApi');
        
        $apigee->setApigeeSourceUrl($url);
        
        $endpoints = $apigee->getEndpoints();
        
        //Write to a path, overriding if exists
        //$apigee->generateClassForEndpoint($endpoints[0])->write('/desirable/path', true);
        
        echo $apigee->generateClassForEndpoint($endpoints[0])->toString();
        
        //php Examples/redditApiGenerator.php
